<h1>Welcome to Wells' all things Axonius page 🚀</h1>
<h2>About This Repository</h2>
I am not a coder!  So, here you will find lots of randomness that is hopefully well documented and that you will find valuable.  Over time, I will make this so we can all contribute.  Until then.....

* The <b>random_user_csv_data.py</b> will ask you to enter the number of results you want for your CSV data file and then use that to generate an output.csv file in the same directory with that many rows of the following random data fields: domain, firstname, id, lastname, mail, name, endpointname, username.  From here, you can easily use the output.csv file to propagate your adapter connection with data to query off of and build dashboards and such.  Hope it helps.  
* The <b>send-csv-to-Gdrive script</b> script can be used by going to https://script.google.com, clicking the link for "New Project" and replacing my code with the existing code. https://script.google.com allows interaction between all the Google Workspace tools.  The script is part of a process to move any attachmets named axonius.csv to the gdrive in the same account. In addition to adding the code in the project, you must also set a trigger by selecting the clock icon off to the left of the code editor.  In the code, there is a function which is defined "saveCsvAttachmentsToDrive" which should see as an available function when configuring the trigger.  Also, you can set how often the trigger will check email for any emails with the axonius.csv attachment.  Once deployed and you receive an email in your inbox with an attachment named axonius.csv, you will need to use the search query to search for "filename:axonius.csv" in Gmail.  From here, you will need to edit your email filters in gmail (gear in the upper right) to have the following settings: if matches: filename:axonius.csv, apply label "SaveToDrive".  Thats it.  From here, the project at https://script.google.com will monitor your email for any frequecy you set on the trigger and then move any axonius.csv files out of any emails to gdrive. 
